{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil Times New Roman;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.10586}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qc\f0\fs36\lang9 REFERENCES\fs28\par

\pard\sa200\sl360\slmult1\qj  [1] V. Basili, L. Briand, and W. Melo, \ldblquote A validation of object-oriented design metrics as quality indicators,\rdblquote  Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 22, no. 10, pp. 751\f1\endash\f0 761, Oct 1996.\par
 [2] T. Gyim\'b4othy, R. Ferenc, and I. Siket, \ldblquote Empirical validation of object-oriented metrics on open source software for fault prediction,\rdblquote  IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering (TSE), vol. 31, no. 10, pp. 897\f1\endash\f0 910, 2005. \par
[3] N. Ohlsson and H. Alberg, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Predicting fault-prone software modules in telephone switchess,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 22, no. 12, p. 886894, 1996.\par
 [4] N. Nagappan and T. Ball, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Static analysis tools as early indicators of pre-release defect density,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 27th International Conference on Software Engineering, ser. ICSE \f1\rquote\f0 05. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2005, pp. 580\f1\endash\f0 586. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1062455.1062558 }}{\fldrslt{http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1062455.1062558\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[5] T. Zimmermann, R. Premraj, and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Predicting defects for eclipse,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the Third International Workshop on Predictor Models in Software Engineering, ser. PROMISE \f1\rquote\f0 07. Washington, DC, USA: IEEE Computer Society, 2007, pp. 9\f1\endash\f0 . [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/PROMISE.2007.10 }}{\fldrslt{http://dx.doi.org/10.1109/PROMISE.2007.10\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[6] A. N. Taghi M. Khoshgoftaar, Nishith Goel and J. McMullan, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Detection of software modules with high debug code churn in a very large legacy system,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Software Reliability Engineering. IEEE, 1996, pp. 364\f1\endash\f0 371.\par
 [7] J. S. M. Todd L. Graves, Alan F. Karr and H. P. Siy, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Predicting fault incidence using software change history,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 26, no. 7, pp. 653\f1\endash\f0 661, 2000.\par
 [8] A. E. Hassan, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Predicting faults using the complexity of code changes,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in ICSE. Vancouver, Canada: IEEE Press, 2009, pp. 78\f1\endash\f0 88. \par
[9] R. Bell, T. Ostrand, and E. Weyuker, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The limited impact of individual developer data on software defect prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Empirical Software Engineering, vol. 18, no. 3, pp. 478\f1\endash\f0 505, 2013. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10664-011-9178-4 }}{\fldrslt{http://dx.doi.org/10.1007/s10664-011-9178-4\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[10] T. J. Ostrand, E. J. Weyuker, and R. M. Bell, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Programmer-based fault prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 6th International Conference on Predictive Models in Software Engineering, ser. PROMISE \f1\rquote\f0 10. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2010, pp. 19:1\f1\endash\f0 19:10. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1868328.1868357 }}{\fldrslt{http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1868328.1868357\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[11] R. Moser, W. Pedrycz, and G. Succi, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Analysis of the reliability of a subset of change metrics for defect prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the Second ACM-IEEE International Symposium on Empirical Software Engineering and Measurement, ser. ESEM \f1\rquote\f0 08. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2008, pp. 309\f1\endash\f0 311. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1414004.1414063 }}{\fldrslt{http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1414004.1414063\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
 [12] R. M. Bell, T. J. Ostrand, and E. J. Weyuker, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Does measuring code change improve fault prediction?\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 7th International Conference on Predictive Models in Software Engineering, ser. Promise \f1\rquote\f0 11. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2011, pp. 2:1\f1\endash\f0 2:8. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2020390.2020392 }}{\fldrslt{http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/2020390.2020392\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[13] W. P. Raimund Moser and G. Succi, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A comparative analysis of the ef\f1\u-1279?\f0 ciency of change metrics and static code attributes for defect prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in International Conference on Software Engineering (ICSE), ser. ICSE \f1\rquote\f0 08, 2008, pp. 181\f1\endash\f0 190. \par
[14] N. Nagappan, T. Ball, and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Mining metrics to predict component failures,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 28th International Conference on Software Engineering, ser. ICSE \f1\rquote\f0 06. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2006, pp. 452\f1\endash\f0 461. [Online]. Available: http: //doi.acm.org/10.1145/1134285.1134349 [15] M. DAmbros, M. Lanza, and R. Robbes, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Evaluating defect prediction approaches: a benchmark and an extensive comparison,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Empirical Software Engineering, vol. 17, no. 4, p. 531577, 2012. \par
[16] J. Sliwerski, T. Zimmermann, and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Don\f1\rquote\f0 t program on fridays! how to locate \f1\u-1279?\f0 x-inducing changes,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 7th Workshop Software Reengineering, May 2005. \par
[17] L. T. Jon Eyolfso and P. Lam, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Do time of day and developer experience affect commit bugginess?\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 8th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories, ser. MSR \f1\rquote\f0 11, 2011, pp. 153\f1\endash\f0 162. \par
[18] F. Rahman and P. Devanbu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Ownership, experience and defects: a \f1\u-1279?\f0 ne-grained study of authorship,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 33rd International Conference on Software Engineering, ser. ICSE \f1\rquote\f0 11, 2011, pp. 491\f1\endash\f0 500. \par
[19] E. J. W. J. Sunghun Kim and Y. Zhang, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Classifying software changes: Clean or buggy?\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering (TSE), vol. 34, no. 2, pp. 181\f1\endash\f0 196, 2008.\par
[20] C. Bird, N. Nagappan, B. Murphy, H. Gall, and P. Devanbu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Don\f1\rquote\f0 t touch my code!: Examining the effects of ownership on software quality,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 19th ACM SIGSOFT Symposium and the 13th European Conference on Foundations of Software Engineering, ser. ESEC/FSE \f1\rquote\f0 11. ACM, 2011, pp. 4\f1\endash\f0 14.\par
 [21] G. Bavota, B. De Carluccio, A. De Lucia, M. Di Penta, R. Oliveto, and O. Strollo, \f1\ldblquote\f0 When does a refactoring induce bugs? an empirical study,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 12th International Working Conference on Source Code Analysis and Manipulation, ser. SCAM \f1\rquote\f0 12, 2012, pp. 104\f1\endash\f0 113. \par
[22] D. Posnett, R. D\f1\rquote\f0 Souza, P. Devanbu, and V. Filkov, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Dual ecological measures of focus in software development,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 2013 International Conference on Software Engineering, ser. ICSE \f1\rquote\f0 13. IEEE Press, 2013, pp. 452\f1\endash\f0 461. \par
[23] D. D. Nucci, F. Palomba, S. Siravo, G. Bavota, R. Oliveto, and A. D. Lucia, \f1\ldblquote\f0 On the role of developer\f1\rquote\f0 s scattered changes in bug prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 31st International Conference on Software Maintenance and Evolution, ICSME \f1\rquote\f0 15, Bremen, Germany, 2015, pp. 241\f1\endash\f0 250. \par
[24] V.Basili,G.Caldiera,andD.H.Rombach,TheGoalQuestionMetric Paradigm. John Wiley and Sons, 1994. \par
[25] D. D. Nucci, F. Palomba, G. D. Rosa, G. Bavota, R. Oliveto, and A. D. Lucia. (2016) A developer centered bug prediction model - replication package - {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK https:// }}{\fldrslt{https://\ul0\cf0}}}}\f1\fs28\u-1279?\f0 gshare.com/articles/A Developer Centered Bug Prediction Model/3435299. \par
[26] W. M. Khaled El Emam and J. C. Machado, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The prediction of faulty classes using object-oriented design metrics,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Journal of Systems and Software, vol. 56, no. 1, p. 6375, 2001. \par
[27] R. Subramanyam and M. S. Krishnan, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Empirical analysis of ck metrics for object-oriented design complexity: Implications for software defects,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Software Engineering, IEEE Transactions on, vol. 29, no. 4, p. 297310, 2003. [28] A. P. Nikora and J. C. Munson, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Developing fault predictors for evolving software systems,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 9th IEEE International Symposium on Software Metrics. IEEE CS Press, 2003, pp. 338\f1\endash\f0 349.\par
 [29] Y. Zhou, B. Xu, and H. Leung, \f1\ldblquote\f0 On the ability of complexity metrics to predict fault-prone classes in object-oriented systems,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Journal of Systems and Software, vol. 83, no. 4, pp. 660\f1\endash\f0 674, 2010.\par
 [30] N. Nagappan and T. Ball, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Use of relative code churn measures to predict system defect density,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Software Engineering, 2005. ICSE 2005. Proceedings. 27th International Conference on. IEEE, 2005, pp. 284\f1\endash\f0 292. [31] A. E. Hassan and R. C. Holt, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Studying the chaos of code development,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 10th Working Conference on Reverse Engineering, 2003. \par
[32] \f1\emdash\emdash\f0 , \f1\ldblquote\f0 The top ten list: dynamic fault prediction,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 21st IEEE International Conference on Software Maintenance, 2005, ser. ICSM \f1\rquote\f0 05. IEEE Computer Society, 2005, pp. 263\f1\endash\f0 272.\par
 [33] S. Kim, T. Zimmermann, E. J. Whitehead Jr, and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Predicting faults from cached history,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 29th international conference on Software Engineering. IEEE Computer Society, 2007, pp. 489\f1\endash\f0 498. \par
[34] N. Nagappan, A. Zeller, T. Zimmermann, K. Herzig, and B. Murphy, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Change bursts as defect predictors,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Software Reliability Engineering (ISSRE), 2010 IEEE 21st International Symposium on. IEEE, 2010, pp. 309\f1\endash\f0 318.\par
 [35] R. M. Bell, T. J. Ostrand, and E. J. Weyuker, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Looking for bugs in all the right places,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 2006 international symposium on Software testing and analysis. ACM, 2006, pp. 61\f1\endash\f0 72. \par
[36] S. R. Chidamber and C. F. Kemerer, \f1\ldblquote\f0 A metrics suite for object oriented design,\f1\rdblquote\f0  IEEE Transactions on Software Engineering (TSE), vol. 20, no. 6, pp. 476\f1\endash\f0 493, June 1994. \par
[37] G. Bavota, A. D. Lucia, A. Marcus, and R. Oliveto, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Using structural and semantic measures to improve software modularization,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Empirical Software Engineering, vol. 18, no. 5, pp. 901\f1\endash\f0 932, 2013.\par
 [38] R. Baeza-Yates and B. Ribeiro-Neto, Modern Information Retrieval. Addison-Wesley, 1999. \par
[39] L. M. Y. Freund, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The alternating decision tree learning algorithm,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceeding of the Sixteenth International Conference on Machine Learning, 1999, pp. 124\f1\endash\f0 133. \par
[40] R. Kohavi, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The power of decision tables,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in 8th European Conference on Machine Learning. Springer, 1995, pp. 174\f1\endash\f0 189.\par
 [41] S. le Cessie and J. van Houwelingen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Ridge estimators in logistic regression,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Applied Statistics, vol. 41, no. 1, pp. 191\f1\endash\f0 201, 1992.\par
[42] F. Rosenblatt, Principles of Neurodynamics: Perceptrons and the Theory of Brain Mechanisms. Spartan Books, 1961.\par
 [43] G. H. John and P. Langley, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Estimating continuous distributions in bayesian classi\f1\u-1279?\f0 ers,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Eleventh Conference on Uncertainty in Arti\f1\u-1279?\f0 cial Intelligence. San Mateo: Morgan Kaufmann, 1995, pp. 338\f1\endash\f0 345.\par
 [44] T. Menzies, B. Caglayan, Z. He, E. Kocaguneli, J. Krall, F. Peters, and B. Turhan. (2012, June) The promise repository of empirical software engineering data. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://promisedata.googlecode.com }}{\fldrslt{http://promisedata.googlecode.com\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28\par
 [45] J. Sliwerski, T. Zimmermann, and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 When do changes induce \f1\u-1279?\f0 xes?\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 2005 International Workshop on Mining Software Repositories, MSR 2005. ACM, 2005. \par
[46] L. Moonen, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Generating robust parsers using island grammars,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Reverse Engineering, 2001. Proceedings. Eighth Working Conference on, 2001, pp. 13\f1\endash\f0 22. \par
[47] R.KohaviandG.H.John,\f1\ldblquote\f0 Wrappersforfeaturesubsetselection,\f1\rdblquote\f0  Artif. Intell., vol. 97, no. 1-2, pp. 273\f1\endash\f0 324, Dec. 1997. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0004-3702(97)00043-X }}{\fldrslt{http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/S0004-3702(97)00043-X\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[48] S. Mancoridis, B. S. Mitchell, C. Rorres, Y.-F. Chen, and E. R. Gansner, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Using automatic clustering to produce high-level system organizations of source code,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proccedings of 6th International Workshop on Program Comprehension. Ischia, Italy: IEEE CS Press, 1998.\par
[49] W. J. Conover, Practical Nonparametric Statistics, 3rd ed. Wiley, 1998. [50] R. J. Grissom and J. J. Kim, Effect sizes for research: A broad practical approach, 2nd ed. Lawrence Earlbaum Associates, 2005. \par
[51] C. Bird, A. Bachmann, E. Aune, J. Duffy, A. Bernstein, V. Filkov, and P. Devanbu, \f1\ldblquote\f0 Fair and balanced?: Bias in bug-\f1\u-1279?\f0 x datasets,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the the 7th Joint Meeting of the European Software Engineering Conference and the ACM SIGSOFT Symposium on The Foundations of Software Engineering, ser. ESEC/FSE \f1\rquote\f0 09. New York, NY, USA: ACM, 2009, pp. 121\f1\endash\f0 130. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1595696.1595716 }}{\fldrslt{http://doi.acm.org/10.1145/1595696.1595716\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28  \par
[52] K. Herzig and A. Zeller, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The impact of tangled code changes,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Proceedings of the 10th Working Conference on Mining Software Repositories, MSR \f1\rquote\f0 13, San Francisco, CA, USA, May 18-19, 2013, 2013, pp. 121\f1\endash\f0 130. \par
[53] G. Bavota, G. Canfora, M. Di Penta, R. Oliveto, and S. Panichella, \f1\ldblquote\f0 The evolution of project inter-dependencies in a software ecosystem: The case of apache,\f1\rdblquote\f0  in Software Maintenance (ICSM), 2013 29th IEEE International Conference on, Sept 2013, pp. 280\f1\endash\f0 289. \par
[54] I. Jolliffe, Principal Component Analysis. John Wiley & Sons, Ltd, 2005. [Online]. Available: {{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/0470013192 }}{\fldrslt{http://dx.doi.org/10.1002/0470013192\ul0\cf0}}}}\f0\fs28 . bsa501\par
 [55] P. A. Devijver and J. Kittler, Pattern Recognition: A Statistical \par
}
 